https://lucid.app/lucidchart/b1db27c4-b3b3-4613-a301-6346555a2d35/edit?view_items=ID1.sPeasqKv&invitationId=inv_c999e688-03db-4712-9cb9-ad8e1d9b3f6d

Explanation: The user uses a DN to access the webpage "www.foobar.com".
In that moment, a HTTP request is sent to  the server, and it will try to
find the IP for that DN and access the web server. For this, a request is
sent to the DNS server to find the IP that is related to "www.foobar.com".
With that IP address, the server will send it to the web server, so that it
communicates with the application server to get the necesary static files to
display that web for the user (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) and in addition, the
application server will then retrieve the necessary dynamic data from the
database. Both the Dynamic and static files are sent to the web server,
which then is sent to the internet browser for display.

What is a server: A server is a combination of software and hardware that
processes a request of a "client" and provides a "service" in response.
Servers usually run an opperating system for their functionallity (in the
case of LAMP is Linux) and is conected to a network that allows it to
function.

What is the role of the Domain Name: The domain name is an alias for an IP
adress, so that users can easily access the IP adress of a web page. The
alias consist of letters (readable by humans), and its a way of simplifying
web access to users.

What type of DNS record "www" is in "www.foobar.com": It can be an A domain
record or a CNAME domain record. In the case that it is the full DN of the
website, then it is an A record, but if "www" is a subdomain of the
"foobar.com" DN, then it is a CNAME record conected to the A record
"foobar.com". In this case, it is an A record type.

What is the role of the web server: The web server is the one in charge of
handling the HTTP request made by the web browser. It takes the relevant
information in that HTTP request, to then giving the corresponding response,
usually in the format of static content (such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, etc.),
also, it communicates with the application server to generate the necessary
dynamic data for the requested IP.

What is the role of the database: The database is the one in charge of
storing the webpage dynamic data and sort it in a way that is easily
retrieved, managed and manipulated.

What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user
requesting the website: It uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) which
is a standard for data communication over the internet.

Issues with LAMP:

SPOF: This is a short for Single Point of Failure. This means that in LAMP,
if one step fails, the whole system fails.

Downtime when maintenance needed: Any edit on the code of the server requires
a server downtine and restart after edition is done. This could be partially
resolved by the addition of multiple web servers, alongside with a load
balancer.

Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic: This means that in case of too
much users are trying to access the web page at the same time, it could
cause a downtime.


